# Sample Chunks

## omscentral-machine-learning-reviews-0069

- Source: OMSCentral - Machine Learning reviews
- Course/topic: CS 7641 Machine Learning
- Tokens: 311

Course/topic: CS 7641 Machine Learning. Source: OMSCentral - Machine Learning reviews. December 16, 2024 fall 2024 This class was really challenging. I ended up with an A in the class with an 81%. This was my 7th class in the program. I would say the way to be successful is to start the projects as early as possible. Ideally, the best time to start each project is as soon as it is released so you can get as much time as possible. The most time consuming parts of the class won't be just writing code to apply the algorithms you learn in the class, but actually generating all the correct plots and data you will need to use in the report. As many other reviewers are iterating, the reports are the most important part of the project submissions so make sure you are putting in lots of time into making quality reports. The plots should be big enough so that any text is legible without zooming. I did not study at all for this course. I the lectures each week and tried to frontload the lectures as much as possible so I could have more time to spend on the projects when they were released. I only did a couple of the readings and gave up because of personal time constraints with having to watch the lectures and do the projects as well as other life things. The readings are definitely not needed for doing the projects, but are useful for the exam. Overall, this definitely was the hardest class I've taken in the program but it still wasn't that bad. If you spend around 2-3 hours a day on this class, you will be fine. Just make sure you are frontloading as much work as you can. Rating: 3 / 5 Difficulty: 5 / 5 Workload: 18 hours / week

## omscentral-machine-learning-for-trading-reviews-0041

- Source: OMSCentral - Machine Learning for Trading reviews
- Course/topic: CS 7646 Machine Learning for Trading
- Tokens: 775

Course/topic: CS 7646 Machine Learning for Trading. Source: OMSCentral - Machine Learning for Trading reviews. December 18, 2024 fall 2024 I just finished this course (Fall 2024), and overall, I liked it, but only in the context of just starting the program. It's a very good introduction instead of taking a very heavy course from the start like ML or AI, and everything is organized. Like it or not, there will be people that try to find faults with everything and sometimes they do have a point. However, for a course that had at least 1600 students at the start, the staff did a phenomenal job dealing with everything. They were very active on Ed and answered questions in a day, at the most. Of course, there's this annoying thing where they just answer with links to other posts. To be completely fair, I did get frustrated myself with the entire forum being filled with repeated questions, most of them by people who didn't properly read the assignment briefs, so I get why they did that. Still, by the end of the course, it was pretty annoying navigating the platform. Now, the lectures. They were recorded a long time ago by Dr. Balch, who explains things very well. I think he left the institute a while back, and Dr. Joyner took over the course. The lectures are pretty straightforward and clear, if a bit simple when it comes to ML concepts. The class spends a lot of time talking about trading concepts, maybe even more than ML. Honestly, I knew next to nothing about the stock market, so I gained a lot from the course, but someone with a passing understanding of trading would get bored very quickly. I already knew the basics of Pandas and NumPy. It's technically a large chunk of the course material, but we went through it very quickly, so it wasn't that much of an advantage. My only comment would be that the lecture videos use an old version of Python, NumPy and Pandas with a lot of functions being deprecated, so a refresher wouldn't be too bad. What I found to be the most challenging were the readings. It was a great deal more difficult than what was covered in the lectures and was actually a lot more ML-heavy. Honestly, I gained more from the readings than from the lecture videos, really. Dr Balch's book was very helpful since it covered a lot of the Investing part of the course, and it was a very easy read. But there was this AI for Investing book that was an extremely dry read. Anyway, the grades were mainly divided into 8 projects and two exams. Personally, I think that the projects are more important, so let's start with them. Before getting into the specifics, I wanted to address the assignment briefs. One of the best things about this course is that every assignment is ready and posted from the start so it's relatively easy to get ahead. The assignment briefs are pretty chaotic, obviously having been adjusted over the years while trying not to alter its core too much. There are dozens of small details spread around each brief and it's pretty easy to miss a few of them. The staff suggested printing it out (or using a tablet) and highlighting what's important. I did that before starting any assignment and it saved me a ton of time. Don't really get intimidated by the size of the briefs. They're very detailed and I'd rather it be thorough than vague. A piece of advice, when it comes to report writing, don't try to be fancy. Just use the exact same structure asked in the assignment brief and clearly answer the questions asked. Now onto the specifics of each project. Project 1: It's a very easy project, just simulating an experiment. It's mostly an introduction to the course. You have to do a report, do some code, use Pandas and NumPy, and generate some plots. It's a nice way to get started in my opinion. The whole thing took me about 10 hours in total, and 8 of them were the report writing. Project 2: Same here. It's a very interesting concept. You have to use SciPy to optimize a portfolio. Dr. Balch goes through how you're going to do that in a few of his videos. It's a pretty straightforward thing. There wasn't a report, just generating a plot and some grading tests for the code. The whole thing took me 4 hours tops. Project 3: Now here, I expected the worst. This project was rumoured to be some nightmare or something.

## omscentral-deep-learning-reviews-0074

- Source: OMSCentral - Deep Learning reviews
- Course/topic: CS 7643 Deep Learning
- Tokens: 161

Course/topic: CS 7643 Deep Learning. Source: OMSCentral - Deep Learning reviews. Georgia Tech Student December 20, 2021 fall 2021 I really enjoyed the content of this course, i think that Prof Kira is one of the best professors I've had! The assignments were interesting, the quizzes were weirdly challenging (they did force you to really pay attention to the material, but with little to no guidance), and the final project was just okay. I would have much rather had a couple of other homework assignments to cover all the topics. My only complaint is the very poor quality of lectures by the Facebook team. The biggest problem is that this class is one of the few, if the only one, that actually teaches NLP, and it was poorly covered by a few Facebook researchers who are good at reading off the slides, but not great at actually teaching. Rating: 4 / 5 Difficulty: 4 / 5 Workload: 20 hours / week

## omscentral-reinforcement-learning-and-decision-making-reviews-0046

- Source: OMSCentral - Reinforcement Learning and Decision Making reviews
- Course/topic: CS 7642 Reinforcement Learning and Decision Making
- Tokens: 776

Course/topic: CS 7642 Reinforcement Learning and Decision Making. Source: OMSCentral - Reinforcement Learning and Decision Making reviews. Georgia Tech Student May 6, 2022 spring 2022 This is a great course. The TAs are particularly great; I have never seen such an engaging TA team. (Usually the TAs are not responding to questions in EdStem or Piazza, and I hardly seen a TA in Office Hours. But in this course, the TAs usually respond to your EdStem question on the same day, and you can even see many of them actively explaining things in Office Hours, which really surprised me a lot.) The Assignments are usually easy, except Assignment 1, which is super hard, in particular if you want to get 100% correct; the key to Assignment 1 is that you have to rethink and simplify your model until it trims down to just a table or list with only a few columns that can represent the infinite games for that particular problem. It is not easy so please start early. The other assignments, particularly the last two, are easy in order to give your more project time (I think). Project 3 (i.e. final) is super hard. Projects 1 and 2 are OK. Project 1 is about Sutton famous TD-learning paper and represents a fair amount of work. Project 2 is about a game in Google AI Gym and is also fair; I used DQN and got good experiment results, though the project report did not yield my expected score (which I think TA should give more textual review on my report content, but anyways). Unfortunately, Project 3 is a nightmare! (I suggested TAs to open this final Project 3 a few weeks earlier in the next semester.) Project 3 is so diffcult because it asks you to use RLlib (which is an open source tool for deep reinforcement learning) and you have to work on Dec-POMDP, which is perhaps the most difficult topic in reinforcement learning. TAs already simplified the problem, but still it is hard and takes very long to train. The problems that I encountered in Project 3 includes: No good environment for problem solving: TA suggested either Docker, native setup, or Colab, but in fact all of them have problems. Docker: It is easy to deploy/setup for running, but I cannot scale it up since Docker network sucks on Mac and Windows. I wanted to setup RLlib cluster so that RLlib can train with my 3 old machines, but since the RLlib node is running inside a Docker container, the RLlib head node cannot talk with the other RLlib nodes via the Docker bridge/host network (which only works on Linux but not on Mac or Windows; a problem haunting in Docker for years). Docker is great but has so many network problems on desktops (perhaps Docker network options are designed for servers), therefore Docker is a limitation to upscaling of training. Native setup: It has so many compat problems with Python / make / C and everything. My recommendation is: don't try it, for the sake of limited project time. Colab: It is good for GPU but not good for CPU, since Google only offers 2 vCPUs. This project needs a GPU and many CPUs (to rollout the samples to environment for "bootstraping", I guess), so even 24 or 48 CPUs will not be too many. Google Cloud Platform GCP or Amazon Cloud AWS: Personally I think this is the best option, since you can create a VM with lots of CPUs and one high-end GPU to run your training efficiently. Nevertheless, this comes with a cost (USD 300 for me), which is equal to 1/3 of the course fee! Note that the TAs already recommend us NOT to spend money on cloud platform to get a good grade, and they also promised that they will only look at my analysis writing on project report instead of my source code performance; nevertheless, I admit I am spiritually weak so I cannot tolerate 50 hours of turn-around time for experiment or hyperparameter tuning. Having said that, if you are a new subscriber to GCP, Google may grant you a USD 300 credit (which perhaps expires in months) which you may use for this project. RLlib: It is a defacto standard for deep reinforcement learning, but it is still in active development, so many features are experimental. Limitations are not well documented. You have to keep the rollout size low or the multi-CPU rollout process will consume your expensive GCP 300GB memory very quickly. The framework is flexible but is also complex, so even if experiments are achievable, they need much time to work with.

## omscentral-machine-learning-reviews-0004

- Source: OMSCentral - Machine Learning reviews
- Course/topic: CS 7641 Machine Learning
- Tokens: 668

Course/topic: CS 7641 Machine Learning. Source: OMSCentral - Machine Learning reviews. May 12, 2026 spring 2026 Despite getting what turned out to be a comfortable A, this has been one of the most demoralizing academic experiences of my life. I have already taken HCI, AI, and SDP before this course. There is a lot of overlap with AI here, but ML goes deeper in almost every area. The quizzes and exam were all very standard stuff. Interesting and challenging, but ultimately very fair assessments of learning. Occasionally, the questions felt like they were clumsily worded without care to understand how imprecise language can be misinterpreted. For the quizzes, this was fine because you could retake them, and for the final a couple of these questions were struck after the fact. The reports are where this class is really brutal. They present themselves as "open-ended", but in reality, they couldn't be farther from that. They are an exercise in trying to piece together the requirements, the FAQ, Ed-threads, and office hours notes to figure out what the actual secret rubric is. You cannot stray from this very rigid rubric, or you will fail and they will never tell you directly what the rubric is. It's essentially playing a game of academic battleship with the TAs. On of my chief complaints with this structure is that the "FAQ" and Ed threads are not valid places to put hard requirements. FAQ doesn't mean "more requirements" anywhere in the world except this course. The content required for these reports is also so vast that you essentially have to use gen AI (which is allowed). I felt like I never had the time to deeply understand anything before I had to move on. I understand how things work in the real world now (it's certainly how my job works now), but I can't help but feel like the academic setting is where you are meant to slow down and go deeper. They say these are "8-page reports", but the first one contained over 30 figures, and the formatting is doing a ton of heavy lifting. Make no mistake, these are massive, extremely dense reports. The report grading is an absolute mess. I got an F and a D on my first two reports and an A+ on my second two. There was no significant quality difference in my reports, I just got the same grader for the first two reports and different graders for the last two. I don't know if I was just unlucky, but it felt like writing these reports was spending 80+ hours and then getting graded by a random number generator. Even on the last report that I aced, the grader gave me full credit for the extra credit which I didn't even attempt. Succeeding didn't even feel satisfying because it just felt like random outcomes. The saving grace of this is that you can just muscle your way to success despite how unsatisfying the reports are. If you sink enough time into this and do the revisions, extra credit, and retake the quizzes you will get an A, it just might take a full time job's worth of effort. To add to the pain, you never really know if you need to do this because the course is curved. I ended up well above the threshold for an A after spending the vast majority of the semester over a standard deviation below the median. I feel like curve check-ins after each report was graded would've helped me manage my effort a lot better. Overall, I actually loved the material presented in this course. The fourth report in particular, I found really interesting and made me want to take RL in the future. However, actually learning and exploring the content ended up being a tiny fraction of the time commitment of this course compared to vibe coding, report formatting, and trying to reconstruct a hidden rubric. Rating: 2 / 5 Difficulty: 5 / 5 Workload: 30 hours / week
